Welcome back.
In this video we're going to go over solutions to the aero functions exercise.
The first thing we need to do is refactor the triple and filter function which maps and filters over
an array of three factor that are using aero functions and place all this code on one line we'll remove
the function keyword and make sure our parentheses are in the correct place.
Remember if you have one parameter to an arrow function that parameter does not need to be wrapped in
parentheses for the next function.
Double odd numbers or solution is going to look quite similar.
We need to make sure that we're replacing our function keyword with an arrow function and if we take
away any existing return statements and curly braces we also have to make sure that we're using a function
expression for the next function map filter and reduce.
We can place the map and filter functions all on one line and use the arrows syntax without the return
keyword and then replace the reduced function with arrow function syntax.
But make sure that we have this on multiple lines with curly braces and the return keyword.
Since reduce accepts more than one parameter to the callback we have to place parentheses around those
parameters in the next function.
Create student.
We accept two parameters.
First name and last name.
There's a bit of a gotcha here.
Since we're returning an object literal We need to make sure we actually use curly braces here so the
arrow function knows to return an object in the last exercise.
We have an instructor object with the first name of Colt and to say hi method which invokes a set time
out after one second and cancelled out logs.
Hello destock.
First Name the issue here is that the keyword this will refer to the window when that function is run.
So we need to use an arrow function to set the correct value of the keyword.
This inside of the callback to say time out.
We're going to replace the function key word with an arrow function so that the keyword this refers
to the instructor object and that's all for the functions.
See you in the next video.